I've been on heitus for over a year from this blog. A lot has happened between now and then. I'm going to write down some of those events here, while they are still fresh in my mind. 

The summer I built this website I was also interning at Infrared5. The largest project I worked on there was a dashboard to display metrics of the servers our users were running. I learned a lot building a frontend web application, and many of those the lessons translated over to creating this website. Something I was frustrated with at Infrared5 was my lack of autonomy — I was not passionate about the product we were building as a company and so when I was assigned a specific project, the fire just wasn't there. I ended up with this feeling that I was constantly being told what to do. I did not like that feeling. 

This was a very important realization for me, and I'm so greatful I got to learn this with Infrared5 — in the past, I've been fortunate enough to only work on ideas and projects that I truly am passionate about. After that summer, I learned passion is one of the most important things I, and more generally a team, needs to have to perform at an accetably high level — you can't fake passion. The question I found myself asking after this realization was how do you create passion — ignite that fire — in a group of people?

After finishing my summer at Infrared5, I returned to Northwestern as a Junior with this question fresh in my mind. What happened soon after my return, was one of the best decisions I think I've made in my life to date — I decided to start a real company. 

For those that have known me at Northwestern, you'll recall I have constantly been trying to start companies. Before Infrared5, I had tried to, unseccusfully, start four. When I started Local I was still frustrated about my summer experience and I wanted to prove to myself that I could do this. I decided a great way to motivate myself would be actually incorporating. Local Technologies was born on November 23rd. The idea was simple. In high school I started an odd jobs business with spread sheets and notebooks. I want to replicate this business model with databases and websites at a national scale. 

And so, I coded. A lot. 

Class. Code. Class. Code. Class. Code. 

A month later, local-technologies.com was live: client side React, api gateway with lambdas and some simple emailing scripts. Thank you AWS for your amazingly robust services.

Sometime during this coding binge (seriosuly, I think I blacked out for a month), Local was accepted into The Garage, which is a space for start up companies at Northwestern to live. Everytime I would go to the Garage to work, an advisor would tell me I should stop coding, and go get paying customers. This is usally a good idea for busineses that you know will not work. Local does not fall into this catagory. 

After the initial version of the app was live, it was time to get customers. I should have listened to peoples advice, because getting paying customers is very hard.

After this was done, I had to make a choice about what I wanted to do my Junior summer. There were two choice in my mind — getting another internship, or working on Local. Northwestern has a program called Wildfire, where 10 teams are awarded ten thousand dollars and access to a lot of smart people for the summer. I pitched and got in. 

Brought on my sister somewhere along the way.

Recruited three developers, one operations person.

Grind.




